[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now, you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters
and learn all the
secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates of the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew arrive
on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones,
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
It's not long before
the Straw Hats
get pulled into the conflict,
and find themselves in the
midst of an all-out war!
After a change of plans,
Hordy threatens to
crush the entire island
under the weight of
a massive ship.
[FUKABOSHI]
Erase our past!
Set us back to zero!
Eradicate the shadows
cast by our grudge
so that we may see the light!
All we can do is
start over! We must!
Brother-hoshi.
Just let me do this my way.
Trust me.
Our minds were made up as
soon as we got to the plaza.
With Jimbei's help, we were
gonna save this island.
Leave it to me and my crew!
That's what friends
are for, right?
[laughs]
Try your best,
but I'll catch you long
before you reach the Noah!
What should we do, Luffy?
You'll be okay!
Just follow my lead
and I promise I won't
let Hordy hurt you.
Yes, right!
[LUFFY] "Luffy's All-Out Attack!
Red Hawk Blasts!"
[BROOK]
Wait, that's odd.
Where'd that stripey fellow go?
I've completely
lost sight of him.
Ahh... C'mon, where is he?
[BROOK gasps]
[ZEO chuckles]
[ZEO]
Imbecile. I'm right here.
But you'll be dead long
before you can notice!
Now take this!
Camouflage Carpet!
[BROOK]
Huh?
Why did it sound like
the ground was talking?!
[screams]
Wow, that's some good aim!
Zeo!
[ZEO]
You've fallen into my trap.
Little did you know that was my
weapon-destroying technique,
Body Sword Crush.
Now the tip of your
sword has crumbled.
It's worthless.
No, I stabbed you.
He really thinks he
can play it off!
[ZEO coughs]
[ZEO] Your arrogance will
only lead to your defat--
Uh, lead to your defeat.
Did he just...
...say defat?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE C]
Shh! He'll hear you.
Fumbled over your words
there a little, huh?
[ALL]
Hey!
[growls]
[ZEO]
Shut up, you dumb head!
[BROOK]
Huh? What?
I lost him again--
how does he do that?!
[ZEO]
Hidden Flail...
...66 Neck!
[ALL gasp]
[chuckles]
[BROOK] I've learned something
in these past two years.
I've come to an understanding
about the true nature of
the Revive Revive Fruit.
[BROOK] When most people die,
their body is left behind
while their soul continues
on to the next world.
But my soul is different.
In accordance with the
power of my Devil Fruit,
it has been tempered like iron.
Radiating with strength,
it maintains its hold
in this realm
with a presence
that is palpable.
That soul resonates through
the strings of my instruments.
Rock and roll, screaming
from another dimension.
Mesmerized by its melodies,
the listeners dance their way
into a land of illusions.
But when my soul flutters
away from this old body,
it is no mere apparition.
It can be seen as surely
as my rattling bones.
[laughing]
[ZEO]
I did it!
Popped his head right
off his boney neck!
I killed a Straw Hat!
[laughing]
I'm fine.
[yelps]
[ALL scream]
[BROOK] You can chop me
up as much as you'd like,
for it is neither
flesh nor organs
that bind me to this world.
So what is it that gives
me life, you might ask?
It's my soul!
[ZEO screaming]
[ALL]
What?!
[screams]
[ZEO]
Huh? Uh.
I killed him so hard it
brought him back to life!
Man, I'm good!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Are you for real?!
[BROOK]
Is it starting to sink in yet?
Keep it up, but none
of your attacks
can damage these bones of mine.
I'm already dead and you're
not going to kill me twice.
[growls]
Also... this blade I wield
is like none other.
Sharpened by the Longarm Tribe,
and granted a befitting name:
Soul Solid!
Engrave that title
upon your heart!
[BROOK]
With a single soulful slash,
it'll freeze you with
the frigid air,
creeping from the
land of the dead!
[BROOK]
As its icy grip claims you...
...gaze upon it's bitter blade!
Nice, Brook! That's awesome!
You sounded like
a total badass!
I'm a big Soul King
fan now! Oh, yeah...
[BROOK] Goodness!
Well, thank you, Usopp.
Ah! Oh, crap. Really?!
You'd think I would've learn
to keep my eyes on him by now!
[chuckles]
I guess I'd better step it up.
The whole crew's looking good,
showing off those skills they
learned for the New World.
[laughs]
It's real sweet to
hear how highly
you think of all your friends.
But don't you worry,
since I'm such a nice guy,
I'll make sure to drown
all of you together.
Special Attack...
Fireball Cutter... go!
[USOPP]
Here comes Green Sta--
[USOPP yelping]
[DARUMA laughs]
Green Star!
And Green Star!
Bouncing bastard!
[laughs]
I think it's safe to say
I found the weak link
in the Straw Hat crew.
All those shots and you couldn't
even hit me a single time.
[laughs]
[DARUMA]
Huh?
Might wanna stay put,
mole shark.
I'm a cookie-cutter shark, jerk!
Whatever. I hope you enjoy
the trap I set for you.
Look, Luffy! Hordy's
heading right for us!
[laughs]
So you think you're gonna
protect everyone on the island?
Well, let's see you try.
Show me what you got!
[LUFFY]
Second Gear!
And Gum-Gum... Jet...
[LUFFY]
...Bazooka!
[laughing]
You call that a punch?
Oh, Luffy.
[HORDY]
It's pointless, Straw Hat.
Don't you get it yet?
The heavens endowed us with
this power--we can't lose.
[HORDY laughs]
[HORDY]
Just lie down and give up.
You can't stop the Noah now.
And you'll watch every one
of your friends perish.
Hell, no! I'm puttin' you down!
Delusions of grandeur.
Now die!
[LUFFY]
Second Gear... Armament!
[laughing]
I swear I'll never let
anyone I love die again!
Now Gum-Gum...
[laughs]
C'mon, I'm gonna
bite your arm off!
...Red Hawk!
You did it, Luffy!
Straw Hat.
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
He...
[ALL]
He won!
[AMMO KNIGHTS laughing]
[AMMO KNIGHT A]
Straw Hat Luffy did it!
He defeated the captain of
the New Fishman Pirates.
Hordy is down!
He really did it.
He really stopped him!
We're gonna be safe!
Hey, this isn't over yet!
Weepyhoshi, let's
get to the Noah!
[SHIRAHOSHI]
Right!
[LUFFY]
Full speed ahead!
Okay!
What? That's impossible!
Captain Hordy lost
the fight? But how?
You're kidding me!
What about the Noah?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE T]
Ah! This is the end!
Everyone on the
island is doomed!
Run for it!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES screaming]
Why, Zeo?
The island's gonna get
crushed! Please let us go!
[ZEO]
Don't you dare fall for it.
You know the power
our captain has.
He was chosen by heaven!
He could never be beaten by
some measly, pathetic human!
But, I mean,
we're not gettin' nothin' if
the Noah destroys this place!
[ZEO] Death is only
another form of revenge.
And we will die for
our hatred of humans.
Our flesh and blood will be
remembered as a tragedy.
And the grudge against humans
will grow ever stronger.
We may fall, but thousands
more will stand up
to take revenge in our name!
[BROOK]
Oh, goody. There you are.
You're all insane!
Not just Captain Hordy,
but all of you officers, too!
Blame the humans,
they're the ones who
made us this way!
Don't run!
Take that rage of yours
and let it loose on
all of humanity!
They deserve your hate!
Look around! Do you know
what they've done to us?
They're the ones behind every
disaster the Fishmen have met!
Is all that stuff
he's saying true?
Are humans really that bad?
Huh? No way, that's ridiculous!
I mean, sure, humans have
done plenty of awful things,
especially when you look
at their history with--
[SHARLEY]
That's enough.
[ALL]
Huh?
[FISHMAN A]
Madam Sharley!
You can see what's happening
with your own eyes.
[SHARLEY] Just look on the
ground, and in the sky.
The humans are fighting against
the New Fishman Pirates, for us.
[FISHBOY B] What about
that guy? Is he human?
[SHARLEY]
Their crew is a bit strange,
but the important thing
is what they're doing.
You must see things
for yourself.
That's the only way
to understand the truth.
No matter what you've
heard in the past,
you must look at today
with an objective eye.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES scream]
[ZEO] Even if you refuse
to fight to the death
and try to run,
I'll kill you myself!
Your hatred of humans
won't be wasted!
[ZEO]
Huh?
They're your own people!
That's how you treat them?
I almost died! Thank you so
much, Mr. Skeleton Mask!
[ZEO]
You again, huh?
You've never died,
so don't talk like you
know anything about it!
Die to leave your hate behind?
That's just absurd!
There's nothing left
when you die!
The only things left
behind are your bones!
[FRANKY] The guy knows
what he's talkin' about!
[BROOK]
Thank you!
If there's one kind of
person I don't like,
it's someone who doesn't
value the lives of others.
I can't even stand their smell,
and I don't have a
nose to smell them!
[BROOK laughs]
[chuckles]
[ZEO] You and your
friends are the ones
who don't value the
lives of others.
I bet you all think you're
being bold and selfless
by staying here to fight,
but every last one of you
humans are gonna die
when the Noah hits the island.
Although I'm still not sure
whether you're human or not.
I can promise you that
one of these days,
our captain Luffy will become
the King of the Pirates.
He is a man who keeps his
word, no matter the cost!
So if he says that no harm
will come to the people here,
then no harm will come.
I believe in him no matter what.
So that ship will never
touch this island.
And now it's time for me
to step up and do my part.
That means I won't let you
disappear before my eyes again,
even though I have
no eyes to speak of!
[BROOK laughs]
[WADATSUMI laughs]
[WADATSUMI]
Well, how 'bout this?
Impressed yet?
[SANJI] Oh, sure,
that's pretty damn big.
Yeah, impressive stuff.
[laughs]
[WADATSUMI]
Thought so!
Well, then, do you wanna
wrap this up now, Jimbei?
Yeah. It's about time.
[HYOUZOU groans]
[HYOUZOU]
Hey, not fair.
You've destroyed
both of my swords.
How can I win a sword fight
if I don't have swords?
[ZORO]
Not my problem.
[chuckling]
[FRANKY]
All right, I'm goin' balls out!
This new special move is gonna
take you down in a single shot!
[USOPP] One, two, and on the
third step, it's all over.
Think I'm kidding? Just try me.
What kinda moron do
you take me for?
I'm calling you out
on your stupid bluff.
You're a weakling and
you'll always be a weakling!
[USOPP]
You know, I used to lie
about this kinda
stuff all the time.
But now, it doesn't
really matter
if you believe me or not.
'Cause I know I'm the real deal.
[BOTH gasp]
Holy crap! What is that monster?
Ah! Where did that
thing come from?
Whoa, did he--?
[CHOPPER roars]
[USOPP]
No, not again!
Huh? That runt?
How'd he get so big?
Whoa, pal. Easy, easy!
[roars]
Calm down, Chopper! You can't
lose control like before!
[USOPP]
Huh?
[laughs]
Don't worry, Usopp.
I know what I'm doing.
[gasps]
What's wrong?
It's-- There! Look!
It's Hordy!
He can still stand?
Are you ready?
Let's go!
[LUFFY]
I can breathe!
[laughing]
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hat
crew pushes forward
with all their might,
aiming to end the battle
with the New Fishman Pirates
once and for all.
Horday takes more
energy steroids,
robbing Luffy of time that
he can't afford to spare.
Luffy, gravely injured
and running out of strength,
struggles to overcome the
Fishman's superhuman stamina.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Coming to an End! The Final
Decisive Battle against Hordy!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!